To build the project, use standard maven build commands or your favorite IDE. 
This code was written with the latest version of Intellij.
Typically this can be done by running "mvn package" in the root directory.

Run the program by pointing the newly created .jar file at the classpath and then pass in arguments.
Example:
java -cp calculator-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.loganabates.calculator.ExprTree "add(2,2)" "-flag"

The available log flags are:
-debug (Logs as CONFIG)
-info
-error (Logs as SEVERE)
-All (Prints all logs)

I encountered several issues while completing this project. I had little prior experience with MAVEN 
so I had to spend some time learning about it. The majority of my time was spent trying to understand 
how to get the build exactly right, and I believe there still might be some issues, but I wanted to 
timebox as stated in the assignment. 
I also spent some time refactoring my code to make it more object oriented and easily expandable by putting
the node objects into different categories. I feel like this is just part of the normal coding process though.

I made some assumptions about the code in order to get everything completed in a small amount of time:
- Only valid expressions would be passed in
- The code would be run on a newer version of java

The code HAS NOT been thoroughly tested, but I chose to opt out because of the timeboxing. I realize this is ironic 
considering what Coverity produces. Given more time I would add more exhaustive testing and analysis of failure cases.
The logging is also not exhaustive, and I would have improved on that given more time.

I'm most proud of the parsing, which took some tricky string manipulation, and led to a nice data structure that allows
for recursive calls to get a single integer value from the tree.

I enjoyed the assignment, it was fun, given more time I feel like I could've produced something cleaner and more reliable,
but I hope that you'll consider my coding process more than the tools that I'm rusty/unfamiliar with. 

If there are any questions/concerns please write me an email at logan.bates@gmail.com
